[Music]
match-play is a game where two players
play against each other head-to-head
unlike a stroke play game where the
winner is the player who completes the
course in the fewest strokes in a match
play game the winner is the player who
wins the most holes the score of a match
play game is rendered relationally for
example if you've won five holes and
your opponent has won four the score is
not shown as five to four rather it's
rendered as one up for you or one down
for your opponent if you have won six
holes and your opponent three then you
are leading three up and your opponent
is trailing three down match play games
do not have to go to the full nine or 18
holes they often do but just as
frequently one player will achieve an
insurmountable lead and the match will
end early if you reach a score of four
up with three holes to play you've
clinched the victory and the match is
over normal roles will apply however if
a player has no chance to win the hole
the hole will be awarded to the other
player for example if player two cuts in
for a 3 and player 1 is cutting for a 4
the hole will end since player 1 cannot
win to create a match play game simply
click on the create a group option from
the main menu and select match play
under the game type heading if you want
to join the match play game select match
play under the joiner group option you
can also choose to play match play as
either scored or practice in a scored
match play game the results of the match
will be kept and displayed in the stats
section of your profile page practice
game results are not kept match play
scores and results have no effect on
your average score or tier ranking the
reason for this is that many match play
games will not go to a full mining or 18
holes and on many holes one player may
not finish the hole on your match play
scorecard you may see a s which means
all square or that your match is
currently tied you may also see the word
dorming on the screen when one player is
up by the same number of holes that are
left to play meaning that the player
that is down will have to win all the
remaining holes to stay in the game a
match play game cannot end in a tie if
you and your opponent are tied after
nine holes in a nine hole
then you will go to extra holes when
playing extra holes the first player to
win a hole will be the winner of the
match good luck and have fun